Improve Docker documentation (#8728)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/docker/docker-syncing-data.md

  - Configuration
---

> You have the option to launch a Docker environment in [developer mode][set the launch mode], which provides an active development environment with full, writable filesystem permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have the option to launch a Docker environment in [developer mode][set the launch mode], which provides an active development environment with full, writable file system permissions.
```
